Tata Consultancy Services is an IT services, consulting, and business solutions organization that has been partnering with many of the world’s largest businesses in their transformation journeys for over 50 years.

TCS offers a consulting-led, cognitive-powered, integrated portfolio of business, technology, and engineering services and solutions. This is delivered through its unique Location Independent Agile™ delivery model, recognized as a benchmark of excellence in software development.

A part of the Tata group, India’s largest multinational business group, TCS has over 592,000 of the world’s best-trained consultants in 55 countries. The company generated consolidated revenues of US $25.7 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, and is listed on the BSE (formerly Bombay Stock Exchange) and the NSE (National Stock Exchange) in India.

TCS’ proactive stance on climate change and award-winning work with communities across the world have earned it a place in leading sustainability indices such as the MSCI Global Sustainability Index and the FTSE4Good Emerging Index.

Business Highlights

Won a very large contract from a Fortune 100 US company, further expanding the long-standing partnership, to transform the technology at its global data centers into a future-ready, hybrid cloud stack for greater agility, flexibility, and improved operational resilience. TCS will also deploy a new cognitive-powered operating model to run that stack, to improve the availability of business applications and enhance user experience.
Selected by Payments Canada, the country’s largest payment organization, to transform its payment system operations and help implement the RealTime Rail (RTR), the new real-time payments system that will allow Canadians to initiate payments and receive irrevocable funds in seconds, 24/7/365. TCS will leverage its deep knowledge of the payments domain, and extensive experience in designing and implementing large payment systems for clients across the world to help Payments Canada create and execute an integration roadmap for the RTR.
Announced a new organization structure designed to provide a curated experience to each customer depending on where they are in the customer relationship lifecycle journey. Leveraging TCS’ large and deep bench of leadership talent, the new structure further deepens the customer-centricity that TCS was always known for and is expected to help make TCS the preferred growth and transformation partner to more of its clientele.
Announced plans to grow operations in New Jersey by hiring nearly 1,000 more employees by the end-2023 to meet the strong demand for digital transformation. This follows a similar announcement earlier, to expand in Arizona by investing more than $300 million by 2026 and hiring over 220 employees by 2023. In both states, TCS will also grow the reach of its STEM and computer science education programs, expanding teacher training and student programs.
Became the #2 most valuable brand in the IT services sector globally, according to Brand Finance, the world’s leading brand valuation firm. According to the Brand Finance 2022 Global 500 IT Services Ranking report, TCS grew its brand value by $1.8 billion (+12.5%) year on year, to $16.8 billion in 2021.
Ranked #1 in Customer Satisfaction in the largest survey of European businesses by Whitelane Research, for the ninth consecutive year, covering 1,800 CxOs from top IT spending companies in Europe. TCS’ Overall Satisfaction Score was 84% with the lead over the nearest competitor expanding to 4 percentage points vs 1 percentage point in the prior year.
Named the new title sponsor and official IT services and technology consulting partner of the Toronto Waterfront Marathon and Virtual Race through November 2026. Additionally, TCS renewed its title and technology sponsorship of the TCS New York City Marathon through 2029, and became the new title and technology sponsor of the TCS London Marathon for six years starting 2022.
Selected by the Government of India to drive the second phase of the pathbreaking Passport Seva Program. TCS will refresh existing facilities and systems, develop new solutions to enable the issuance of e-passports and further enhance the citizen experience. In the first phase launched in 2008, TCS transformed the citizen experience at its nationwide network of Passport Seva centers. Setting global benchmarks in service quality, timeliness, transparency, and reliability, the Passport Seva program became an icon of Digital India and a source of national pride.

Source: https://www.tata.com/business/tcs